post about last Friday's compiler planning meeting. (#800)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2021-03-17-compiler-team-march-steering-cycle.md

---
layout: post
title: Rust Compiler March Steering Cycle
author: Felix Klock
description: "The compiler team's March steering cycle"
team: The Compiler Team <https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/compiler>
---
On [Friday, March 12th][mar-12-zulip-archive], the Rust Compiler team had a planning meeting for the March steering cycle.

[mar-12-zulip-archive]: https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/238009tcompilermeetings/07070planningmeeting20210312.html

> (The cycle here is that every fourth Friday, the Rust compiler team decides how
> it is going to use its scheduled steering and design meeting time over the next
> three Fridays.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every fourth Friday, the Rust compiler team decides how
it is going to use its scheduled steering and design meeting time over the next
three Fridays.
```

> It wasn't until the end of the meeting that we realized that April 2nd is a holiday for many folks.
> But luckily we decided to schedule just two meetings anyway.

Reviewer: Maybe just move this last (so all the dates are chronological) and say 

```suggestion
Since April 2nd is a holiday for many folks, we will not be holding a meeting on that day. 
```

Author: (i'm going to simplify my own life and adopt your change without moving its position in the post.)

On Friday, 19 March 2021, we will be having a [retrospective][] on the memshrink
development sprint that we had over the first week of March.

[retrospective]: https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/412

On Friday, 26 March 2021, we will be having a meeting to [discuss][musl-discussion] the static vs

> dynamic linking defaults for our musl libc target.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
dynamic linking defaults for our musl libc targets.
```
